>> Kevin Powell: Up until now,
we've been doing a lot of utility classes,
a lot of very generic things that
we're able to reuse over and over and
over again in as many places as possible.
Eventually you run out of those.
[LAUGH] You get to some more unique areas,
where you have background images, or
where you have just unique font sizes,
or other things that are happening,
like we do with our hero.
And those things just need to be styled,
there's not a lot you can do about that.
And that's why I like utility classes,
I like reusable classes, and
at one point you sort of hit that
limit of how far you can push them.
For our hero, we could use a mix
of utility classes and not, and
I sort of did that a little bit already,
not too much.
But I'm just gonna go look at,
I have my hero flow section, so
I could come on here because my
hero should always be centered.
So I could say this is also text center,
and
then I could also say that
it's text high contrast.
And then maybe there's something
else I could throw on there as well,
the font size needs to change as well.
So then I'd say, okay, this also needs
font-size, I think it's the md one that we
need on there, and
it increases the font size that we need.
And this is where I start looking at that,
going, ugh, that's a lot.
And I still need this hero class on here
to be able to add the background image and
potentially do a few other little tweaks.
When I have that, and I still, first of
all, I'm hitting so many utility classes.
It just makes me feel like, okay, maybe
this shouldn't just be utility classes,
maybe it's time to create a class.
And that just compounds even more when I
know I need to have a unique class to add
some unique styling to it that I
can't do with my utility classes.
So as much as possible,
I'll leave a couple of them on there, and
this is really just decisions.
I don't wanna recreate flow and I don't
wanna have to recreate my section spacing,
cuz those work and
they're exactly what I need them to be.
But what I don't want is, all those other
things, it's easy enough to include in
a single selector, and
it just means less confusion.
If I'm needing to make a change,
I look here and
I go, there's no text alignment or
no font sizes or other things,
I know that that's just gonna
be on the hero selector.
This is just finding that balance
that you find works for you.
I don't have much else to say on that one.
The one thing I will do here,
we didn't do it yet, so
I'm gonna add a span around
the word Mushroom Foraging,
cuz that does need a different font
size and a different font color.
And again, I could 100% do that
with just utility classes and
it would work fine, but because I'm doing
this hero and it's unique to the hero or
unique to the h1, I'm going to
just combine all of this together.
Cuz I'm going into component mode rather
than utility class mode, so my h1,
if you wanted something more generic, site
title, something like that could work.
I'm in my hero, I don't know,
I went back and forth on this, honestly,
on what to call it.
I'm just sort of partial to like
this title is specific to this area
that's on this background.
So it's really specific to
being in the hero area, so
I'm going with the BEM style,
this is a title that belongs in the hero.
If you'd prefer just the h1,
if you'd prefer doing site title or
having a generic one, like we did for
these section titles,
it's really up to you, and
what would work best for you.
So we can come up to here ,we'd want
to go, it's definitely not base,
not really layout,
because it's not layout related.
It's very specific to one thing,
so I go into my components and
I can create my .hero.
First, you do the simple ones,
text-align center, nice.
The font size here, as much as possible,
I like relying on inheritance instead
of selecting the paragraphs, if I can.
So I'll do the font-size here, and
that can use the custom
property font-size-md.
Some of this I am remembering
just off the top of my head, but
there's no harm if you go in
the Figma file and you look at it.
You can get the information on what the
font sizes are in the panel on the side,
so I do apologize that I'm
not always referencing it.
But just coming in here,
checking the sidebar,
which is really small on my screen.
But you'll be able to get it and see
the specific sizes that are being used,
because the names I used are very similar
from the Figma file for the font sizes and
the custom properties.
So the font size should go up a little
bit, the color was my high-contrast.
And this is a nice thing if you're using,
like I named my utility classes the same
that I named my custom properties.
The advantage with that is whether you're
doing it through a quick utility class or
if you're doing it through the use
of just writing styles this way,
there's no confusion about
what you're calling it,
cuz you're using the same
name in both places.
So if you need the high contrast text,
whether it's going to be through a custom
property or just through the utility
class, you'll remember what the name is.
So that should make the text white instead
of the the other color that we had.
We need a background image.
People often ask me, what order do
I like putting my properties in?
I do have a bit of an idea in my head,
but I usually just try and
remember the things I need to put
on there, and I start putting them.
I think that's one hero.
You might get this where we
can see the image is repeating
itself a little bit,
background-size is cover.
You don't need to necessarily do this,
but background-position,
center, just so it's always based
on the middle of the picture.
People ask me sometimes about getting
a specific area of the image and
where it's cropping and
everything when it's a background image.
If it's a background image,
it should be decorational.
The text is what's important if,
hopefully, you don't have a client that's
saying, I need this one specific thing
visible cuz positioning background images
in very specific places isn't
the easiest thing to do in the world.
There we go,
we get that coming together, we just
need to fix up the title of it now.
So we can come here, hero__title,
or however you decided to come up
with your class name for there, and
the font-size was my font-size-heading-lg,
so it should get a bit bigger.
I might have had something
on there already,
I had the h1 selector I think higher up
that I put, so that was coming through.
You could either have the span
on the beginning of it, and
that's setting the smaller
size that's white, and
then the span over here, that's the larger
font size in orange, or vice versa.
It really doesn't matter
which way around you do it.
I always tend to do the first
thing I see as the main part,
and then I can say my span that's
inside of there is the font-size xl.
And again, this is why I like
using custom properties with
really clear names that I remember,
cuz I know it's my extra large,
I just put xl, and I get the list,
and choose the heading xl.
And the color was my brand,
text-brand, and that comes in,
and because of the way the custom
properties were set up,
so if we go take a look back
at those in in our base.
It mentioned that the 900 and
the 1000 were set to the same size,
then, here I was making
them separate sizes.
So the reason that I did that was just so
we get this happening, where it's smaller
sizes, it looks like that, and then this
becomes larger when we're at bigger sizes.
One last problem is this looks really ugly
when the word of is sticking over here,
just cuz of the difference in font size,
it is not nice.
So the easiest way to fix that, and
this is a really common thing that I do,
is when you have something like this
that's making these types of changes.
I also come in with a display of block,
and
that way you just force it to
be on its own line all the time.
If you do this, do some testing,
cuz sometimes it can lead to
some really awkward line breaks.
But in this case, and
especially with the pretty the text wrap
balanced on the heading,
I think it's helping us out a little bit.
So if you're using Safar or Firefox, you
might be seeing it a little bit different.
The balance should actually
work in all the browsers,
it's the pretty that doesn't.
So, yeah, the balance just helps us out
a little bit with the look of that,
and then we get a nice hero area
that's coming together pretty well.